Feature/datahub 10 17 release (#952)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/datahub/working-with-datahub-bundle/monitoring-offloading-jobs.md

---
weight: 60
title: Monitoring offloading jobs
layout: redirect
---

> Once you have configured and started your offloading pipelines, they regularly offload data to the data lake. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub UI provides insights into the execution status of the different pipelines so that you can investigate whether everything is running as expected. For the case of offloading failures, you can also configure the offloading pipeline to raise an alarm as described in [Raising alarms](/datahub/configuring-offloading-jobs/#raising-alarms).

Author: Done

Click **Reload** to refresh the list.

You can filter the entries by their status or timestamp by using the filter controls at the top. Click **Apply** to filter entries with the current filter settings. Click **Reset filter** to reset the current filter settings.

> The pagination buttons at the bottom can be used to traverse the history entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The page navigation buttons at the bottom can be used to traverse the history entries.
```

> The pagination buttons at the bottom can be used to traverse the history entries.

Author: Done
